hi I'm Christy and I'm an alcoholic
some mother's teach their daughters how
to bake mine taught me how to beat a
cavity search and still feel like lady I
tried a little old to be blaming all
your problems I'm her father hi mom
Christy is a mess
she's sort of holding on by her
fingertips to life can I trouble you for
some water without ice ice isn't good
for my digestive system ice mom I've
watched you lick cocaine crumbs out of a
shag carpet it's not a sin to be thrifty
dear bonnie is trying to rehabilitate
herself and her relationship with her
daughter and her daughter's daughter
hello what are you doing here I just
thought I'd help out while you were at
work you know clean slate hey Bonnie
she calls you Bonnie
will have sisters
it's a new Chuck Lorre comedy about
breaking the cycles of dysfunction and a
family I think it's about somebody
trying to recreate themselves the more
grateful I am more reasonable fine to be
great my daughter's an easy lay and it's
not my fault I love that it's three
generations of women she's a single mom
trying to be a good influence on her
kids and trying to do the best she can
I can't believe you're sleeping over
this loser well we were mostly studying
I love him please I used to love him she
did we wanted to tell a story about a
very flawed woman trying to do better
violets boyfriend was over I know they
took a shower together
terrific it's this single mother who's
recently sober and she's working with
people who are clearly not sober it
wasn't an important finger don't serve
the soup Christy is a little
discombobulated a little all over the
place
kind of find yourself so I'm trying to
usher her through this high-end
restaurant making sure that she's doing
the best that she can
well apparently one of my waitresses is
having a nervous breakdown
is it Carrie it's you we knew that when
we found someone to play this role that
she had to be extremely likable that's
what on Affairs is sleeping with your
boss who does that well come lay down
with you in a second
so sorry Haley one there's no show
without honor she's this character
Christy you know my uh wife hi Claudia
it's Claudia fYI the ladies are need
some attention I don't know if that's
you Christy it's not and it's Christ II
I've always been interested in
characters that are going through a
metamorphosis that are trying to change
so glad you and I have a chance to start
over
forgive me but I'm not quite there yet
course I forgive you
from now on I'm going to be the kind of
mother you deserve oh that's my date
remember our waiter Greg hi new dad
you